Announcement: Deprecate legacy IP addresses (#1259)
dnsimple/dnsimple-support: content/articles/announcement-legacy-ip-addresses.md

</info>

### Table of Contents {#toc}

* TOC
{:toc}

---

As part of our commitment to providing streamlined and reliable DNS management services, we are modernizing our name server infrastructure and discontinuing the use of legacy IP addresses for all plans. We will begin disabling the IP addresses on [DATE].

The following IP addresses were primarily used by Basic Reseller accounts to configure vanity name servers, and they are now officially deprecated in favor of the current [DNSimple name servers and IPs](/articles/dnsimple-nameservers/):

- 198.241.10.53
- 198.241.11.53
- 50.31.242.53
- 50.31.243.53
- 2620:111:8000::53
- 2620:111:8001::53
- 2620:111:8002::53
- 2620:111:8003::53

As part of our recent [cahce edge improvements](https://blog.dnsimple.com/), the current DNSimple name servers and IP addresses are able to take advantage of enhanced caching mechanisms at the edge to reduce the authoritative origin query volume and reduce response times while also providing additional DDoS protection.

## Who's impacted?

> Accounts subscribed to the Personal, Professional, Solo, or Teams plan will be impacted if they have any domains with records or vanity name servers using the deprecated IP addresses.

Reviewer: Why are we specifying plans?

> Accounts subscribed to the Personal, Professional, Solo, or Teams plan will be impacted if they have any domains with records or vanity name servers using the deprecated IP addresses.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Accounts with records or vanity name servers using the deprecated IP addresses will be impacted.
```

Author: Thanks @itsalyse I have updated the copy based on feedback.

## What's changing and how it will impact your domains

If you have affected domains, you have until [DATE], 2024 to take action. After that date:

* Any requests sent to deprecated IP addresses will stop responding.

> * Any vanity name servers configured with deprecated IP addresses will become obsolete.

Reviewer: Let's not mention vanity name servers. Anyone using that IP is impacted.

Author: Removed all mentions of vanity name servers

---
title: Discontinuation of Legacy IP Addresses
excerpt: DNSimple will no longer support legacy IP addresses starting [DATE]. Affected customers will be notified via email.
categories:
---

# Discontinuation of Legacy IP Addresses

<info>
This article contains information that is only relevant to customers with legacy configurations using outdated IP addresses. If you are impacted, you will receive an email from us asking you to take action.
</info>

### Table of Contents {#toc}

* TOC
{:toc}

---

As part of our commitment to providing streamlined and reliable DNS management services, we are modernizing our name server infrastructure and discontinuing the use of legacy IP addresses for all plans. We will begin disabling the IP addresses on [DATE].

The following IP addresses were used by our first generation network infrastructure. They were superseded in 2016, and they are now officially deprecated in favor of the current [DNSimple name servers and IPs](/articles/dnsimple-nameservers/):

- 198.241.10.53
- 198.241.11.53
- 50.31.242.53
- 50.31.243.53
- 2620:111:8000::53
- 2620:111:8001::53
- 2620:111:8002::53
- 2620:111:8003::53

> As part of our recent [cache edge improvements](https://blog.dnsimple.com/), the current DNSimple name servers and IP addresses are able to take advantage of enhanced caching mechanisms at the edge to reduce the authoritative origin query volume and response times while also providing additional DDoS protection.

Reviewer 2: is this blog url just a placeholder for the pending post?

Reviewer 3: I think so, I think it is intended to point to this one in draft => https://docs.google.com/document/d/1SF0nqkXflWMw8XNnLh1j1Gl5CmasbiprwvN7tXxSMjQ/edit / [Custom edge Part 2 blog post](https://github.com/dnsimple/dnsimple-business/issues/2033), right @AGS4NO?

Author: Yes, this will be the related blog post. I will update the date and link today to finalize the email

---
title: Discontinuation of Legacy IP Addresses
excerpt: DNSimple will no longer support legacy IP addresses starting [DATE]. Affected customers will be notified via email.
categories:
---

# Discontinuation of Legacy IP Addresses

<info>
This article contains information that is only relevant to customers with legacy configurations using outdated IP addresses. If you are impacted, you will receive an email from us asking you to take action.
</info>

### Table of Contents {#toc}

* TOC
{:toc}

---

As part of our commitment to providing streamlined and reliable DNS management services, we are modernizing our name server infrastructure and discontinuing the use of legacy IP addresses for all plans. We will begin disabling the IP addresses on [DATE].

> The following IP addresses were primarily used by Basic Reseller accounts to configure vanity name servers, and they are now officially deprecated in favor of the current [DNSimple name servers and IPs](/articles/dnsimple-nameservers/):

Reviewer: We should not reference the Basic Reseller as most plans don't know that they are. Actually, it was used by anyone in the early days.

```suggestion
The following IP addresses were used by our first generation network infrastructure, and they are now officially deprecated in favor of the current [DNSimple name servers and IPs](/articles/dnsimple-nameservers/):
```

Reviewer 2: they were superseded in 2016
